STEPS TO SETUP THE MODULE:
Connect the ADXL and the photon
Setup the photon
Flash the code
Run the local server
Open a web page to view the content

CONNECT THE ADXL AND PHOTON
Connection Table for ARQM Accelerometer module

ADXL345 - Photon
3V3 - 3V3
GND - GND
SDO - GND
CS - 3V3
SCL - D0
SDA - D1

SETUP THE PHOTON
This setup is for a linux system. Your system must run npm and node.js. Use apt-get to install them. Use npm to install the particle cli (npm install -g particle-cli - https://docs.particle.io/guide/getting-started/connect/photon/). Update npm and node.js to the latest available versions to ensure proper working.

Run ‘particle setup’ in a terminal and follow the resulting steps to set it up for the first time. This is the step where you provide the wifi credentials and name the photon. Be sure that you login to the email id you wish to use as the photon gets registered to that id.

NOTE: You may need to use sudo for some of these commands.
NOTE: Use login - shashikiran16.1996@gmail.com and password - 12345678

FLASH THE CODE
Once the photon is setup you need to flash in the code. There are local IDEs that can be used however the web IDE is sufficient (https://build.particle.io/build). The IDE is quite intuitive to use; just ensure that the code is verified and also that the LED on the photon blinks magenta when it is flashed.

RUN THE LOCAL SERVER
In order to access the data over a local wireless network a node.js server must run. Steps to run the server are detailed here: https://github.com/rickkas7/localserver. Now run the following command:
npm install particle-api-js yargs node-persist (These are dependencies that the node.js program needs)

Clone the git https://github.com/vslyo/arqm, this is where the files for running the localserver as well as 

Now login to the particle account you choose to use using:
node livearqm.js --login user@host.com password (This must be the same account that the particle photon is registered)

And  then run the server using:
node livearqm.js

OPEN WEB PAGE TO VIEW CONTENT
Once the node.js script is run it returns an IP address. Any device on the local network can use that IP address to view the data. Just enter the address in a browser and the data can be viewed streaming.
